well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again you know when I decide I'm gonna
make a video when I decided what I want
to talk about I just go about the course
of my day and something will give me the
right way to talk about it I'll see
something I've wanted to talk about
something for the last couple of days
and I couldn't come up with a way to
convey it and it have an impact and it
needs to it's my my son was playing with
this guy this guy in Thomas the Train
I don't know this one's name his orange
and has an axe on the side of it son
tells me this one's not too smart I
don't know if that's something from the
show or what but either way because of
their we're gonna talk about the
happiest prisoner a guy named Joe this
happened back in the 30s Joe Joe wasn't
a bright guy an IQ of about 45 you can
imagine what life was like for him in
the 30s with an IQ of 45 he's picked on
beat all the time so one day he's had
enough and he hops in a boxcar takes off
then on August 26 1936 he gets arrested
in Cheyenne Wyoming for vagrancy and the
sheriff sheriff Carroll I believe are
you coming from where you been
oh you came through Pueblo some bad
stuff just happened in Pueblo a couple
girls got attacked one of them didn't
make it
Joe confesses so the sheriff rings up
the Chief of Police in Pueblo cheeps a
little confused we already got our guy
we arrested him his name's Frank Joe
remembers being with Frank they ship him
back ship him to Pueblo Frank had
confessed he doesn't know Joe never seen
him before
so webelo cops start talking to Joe and
he confesses again but it keeps getting
the details wrong at first he said it
was done with a club which is what the
cops thought then it turns out it was an
axe and once the cops found that out
suddenly Joe remembered this is common
during rough interrogations people will
tell you anything just to make it stop
and I would imagine if you have an IQ of
45 just about any of the little tactics
that get used seem rough the surviving
sister well she ID'd Frank
she couldn't ID Joe but he did confess
so they convicted him anyway gasps now
one of the attorneys that helped him
winds up getting elected becoming
Attorney General
he tries to help but his appeals around
gets him a couple stays but no pardon he
asked for ice cream for his last meal
the warden guy named Roy best he said
that the day of Jo didn't know was going
on he just sat in a Cell playing with a
toy train the warden had given him
warden tried to tell him jo said no no
Joe's not gonna die the warden walked
him in to the chamber and Jo got nervous
first second but the Whorton held his
hand said I'll be okay because the
warden knew he was innocent - I was 80
years ago now his name was Joe arity
known as the happiest prisoner on death
row he was pardoned in 2011 a lot of
good it did him in Texas right now
there's a guy named Rodney Reed I'll
leave you to look up his case the
governor probably needs to hear from you
but if you're gonna do anything about it
you got less than a week it took me too
long to see a toy train anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night